The Microsoft AZ-900 exam covers a basic understanding
of Cloud concepts, including Core Azure
services, security, privacy, compliance, and trust, as well as Azure
pricing and support. You can expect between 40-60 questions in your
Microsoft AZ 900 exam. There are different
question types used during the exam,
including case study, short answers, multiple choice, Mark review, and drag and drop. The exam requires you to demonstrate high
level knowledge of the Azure Cloud and it's very service offerings across the following six domain areas. Describe Cloud concepts. Describe Core Azure services. Describe Core Solutions and
management tools on Azure. Describe general security and
network security features. Describe Identity, governance, privacy and compliance features. Describe Azure Cost Management and service level agreements. The percentages for
each domain highlights the weighting of that
section to the overall exam. The higher the percentage, the more questions
that specific section of the exam will contain. At this point, you may be wondering if you
will have access to the information
that you'll need to successfully passed the
Azure Fundamentals exam. The answer is yes. Each domain area is mapped to the Microsoft AZ-900 Azure Fundamentals Professional
Certificate Program. Once you have
successfully completed the courses in this
specialization program, you will receive a
notification that gives you an opportunity to unlock a discount Certification
Voucher code. Once you've unlocked the code, you can use this to
register and schedule the exam through Microsoft
and Pearson View. The disk and Certification
Voucher code gives you 50 percent discount on the price that it cost to take the AZ-900 Microsoft
certification exam. Please note that the
content of this exam was updated on November
the 9th, 2020. Be sure to read the Microsoft Azure
Fundamentals exam page for more information
about what skills are covered in each domain area. Remember to contact us if
you have any questions. Good luck with your preparation.